Hahaha
Ha, who put it there?
Hey what are you doing
Playing with my phone during work hours
What do you say if the salary is not paid and the working hours are not paid?
Hahahaha
Lord Lint, why are you here?
Miss Yuan Kai has arranged you in the logistics department
You didn't pay the cleaners as soon as you came in?
Oh, don't be angry, don't worry.
I'll fix it, I'll fix it.
Well-off old and uneducated like you
If I hadn't been kind enough to help you
You can only sleep on the street now
How dare you ask me for a salary?
Do what you can.
If you can't do it, get out of here.
You drag
Three months' salary has not been paid to us.
What nonsense are you talking about?
Believe it or not, I'll fire you now
I don't want you fired
I'm done.
That
Xie Quan